"Defensive Security", known as the "blue team", is used to prepare and proactively
protect an organisation's IT infrastructure.
  - Preventing intrusions from occuring
  - Detecting intrusions when they occur and responding properly

Some tasks that are involved in defensive security:
  - Cyber Security Awareness
      Training users about cyber security attacks, such as phising and social
      engineering
  - Documenting & Managing Assets
      We must kniw the systems within the organisation to adequately protect them.
  - Preventative Security
      Firewalls and Intrusion Prevention Systems are the first line of defence.
    These devices controll what traffic is allowed to enter and leave the network
    and prevents malicious traffic from entering the network.
  - Logging & Monitoring
      Comprehensive logging of the network and system activity is essential in
      detecting a threat or unauthorised activity.
  - Framworks, Policies & Procedures
     Creating robust security policies helps ensure that the organisation's
      devices are used appropriately.

Security Operations Centre (SOC)
A Security Operations Centre (SOC) is a team of cyber security professionals 
that monitors the network and is systems to detect malicious cyber security
events.

Some of the main areas of interest for a SOC are:
  - Trends & Vulnerability
      Keeping up to date with the latest trends and vulnerabilities in the industry
is an essential skill to help understand the risks an organisation faces.
  - Policy Violations
      A security policy is a set of rules that outline how an organisation's assets
are to be used and protected. The SOC team mnitors for adherence to these policies.
  - Unauthorised & Illegal Activity
      The SOC team establishes a baseline of acceptable behaviour and activity.
      Any deviation from this baseline is investigated Illegal activity exposes the
      organisation to higher risk.
  - Intrusion & Breach Detection
      No matter how well protected an organisation is, there is always a risk of a
      breach. The SOC team is responsible for detecting and responding to these
      breaches.
 
